Doc: Update the RTD regarding `verdi process {kill|pause|play}` (#6909)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/topics/cli.rst

        Kill running processes.

    Options:
        -a, --all                       Kill all processes if no specific processes
                                        are specified.

>         -t, --timeout FLOAT RANGE       Time in seconds to wait for a response

Reviewer: The logic is a bit ambiguous. 
0 -> return, but do not stop the action!
x -> return and stop the action!

I think this is not immediately clear

Author: true but due to click we cannot improve this

                                        before timing out. If timeout is 0 the
                                        command does not wait for response.

>                                         [default: inf; 0<=x<=inf]

Reviewer: could the value really be `inf` ?

>         -t, --timeout FLOAT RANGE       Time in seconds to wait for a response
>                                         before timing out. If timeout is 0 the
>                                         command does not wait for response.
>                                         [default: inf; 0<=x<=inf]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        -t, --timeout FLOAT RANGE       Time in seconds to wait for a response
                                        before timing out. If timeout is 0 the
                                        command returns immediately, but keeps killing in the background.
                                        [default: inf; 0<=x<=inf]
```
